Benchmark hallucination detection models (#47)
cleanlab/cleanlab-tools: README.md

| [TLM-Record-Matching](TLM-Record-Matching/data_enrichment_record_matching_tutorial.ipynb) | Using the Trustworthy Language Model to reliably match records between two different data tables.
| [TLM-SimpleQA-Benchmark](TLM-SimpleQA-Benchmark/) | Benchmarking TLM and OpenAI LLMs on the SimpleQA dataset

> | [benchmarking_hallucination_metrics](benchmarking_hallucination_metrics/benchmark_hallucination_metrics.ipynb) | Notebook that compares the performance of popular hallucination detection metrics on a set of hallucination benchmarks.
> | [benchmarking_hallucination_models](benchmarking_hallucination_models/README.md) | Notebooks that evaluates the performance of popular hallucination detection models on a set of hallucination benchmarks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [benchmarking_hallucination_metrics](benchmarking_hallucination_metrics/benchmark_hallucination_metrics.ipynb) | Evaluate the performance of popular real-time hallucination detection methods on RAG benchmarks.
| [benchmarking_hallucination_models](benchmarking_hallucination_models/README.md) | Evaluate the performance of popular hallucination detection models on RAG benchmarks.
```
